Refactor/127 cli refactoring (#151)
nccgroup/ScoutSuite: README.md

    $ python Scout.py --help

> You can also use this for help on a specific provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use this to get help on a specific provider:
```

    $ python Scout.py aws --help

For further details, checkout our Wiki pages at <https://github.com/nccgroup/ScoutSuite/wiki>.

After performing a number of API calls, Scout will create a local HTML report and open it in the default browser.

Also note that the command line will try to infer the argument name if possible when receiving partial switch. For
example, this will work and use the selected profile:

>     $python Scout.py aws --pro PROFILE

Reviewer 2: `--profile`

Author: We can remove that part, but that was exactly what I was trying to show: The default behavior of argparse is to infer the switch if it cannot find it. So in that case, --pro, --prof, --profi, and so on would all work in place of --profile. But if this is confusing, we can remove it and let people figure it out by themselves!

Reviewer 2: Damn, didn't know that! And hadn't read the paragraph above 😅 . So yeah, keep it!

Using a computer already configured to use azure-cli, you may use Scout using the following command:

    $ python Scout.py azure --cli
    
When using Scout in an Azure virtual machine with the Reader role, you may use 
Scout using the following command:

    $ python Scout.py azure --msi
    
When using Scout with a Service Principal, you may run Scout using the following command:

    $ python Scout.py azure --service-principal

> You can also pass the credentials you want directly with command line arguments. The remaining one will be asked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass the credentials you want directly with command line arguments. The remaining ones will be asked
```
